0.  According to Merriam-Webster's Medical Dictionary,
    pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a
    pneumoconiosis caused by inhalation of very fine
    silicate or quartz dust.
1.  It returns the resource usage
2.  16
3.  It's because the calculate function accepts pointers to structs as arguments. Then it uses two members of each struct.
    Another construction of the function could be with values but it would have to accept 4 arguments which would be more complicated.
4.  Check each char in the fp file until the end of file.
    If the char is a letter or an apostrophe that is not the first char of the word, append the c char to the word array
    If the current word's length is greater than LENGTH (45), give up the word because it's too long - go through the remainding chars
    of the word and set index to 0 so you could check the next word. Do the same if you encounter a digit as a char.
    In another case we found a word if the index > 0. We need to terminate the word with '\0'
    Then you add the number of words found and check the spelling of the word. If it is misspelled you add 1 to misspellings var
5.  If the string is too long you could get a buffer overflow error.
6.  So that we weren't able to change it's values when implementing the functions,
7.  I used tries. Each node consists of a bool var is_word checking if the word finishes here and with a pointer to an array of 27 children
    of the node for each letter of the alphabet and the apostrophe. 
8.  It is still slower than the staff's solution but I found out that the trie approach should be much faster in searching for the words
    from the dictionary, which would probably take the longest time if I used hashtables. Of course the loading and freeing the trie takes
    some time but that's the cost for the quick search.
9.  I tried to give up initializing each node with NULL values for the children array. Everything seemed to work just fine but I received
    valgrind initialization errors so I decided to add the initialization again in order to avoid any possible errors.
10. The loading and unloading of the trie is quite time-consuming. I haven't been able to figure out how to shorten the time. Especially
    that the staff's solution was 2 or 3 times faster. I didn't want to give up the initialization of the children array.
